wouldn't it be great if we could be
invisible right I mean we could spy on
people without being noticed
and do whatever we want without being
held responsible
oh now magicians have figured out how to
utilize full-size mirrors to bend light
in order to create disappearing
illusions scientists have created meta
materials to guide rays of light around
tiny two-dimensional objects cameras can
also film what is behind you and project
the image so you appear invisible from
the front mmm however none of these
options can make an object as large as a
person appear invisible from all angles
and distances while it's moving but if
you are truly invisible as in from
within here are a few problems you may
not have thought about before to move
around undetected by other people you
would have to be totally naked yeah even
if it's freezing outside you can't carry
anything including your wallet and keys
otherwise people would just see your
wallet keys floating around drivers and
people on the street can't see you
either therefore they can and will run
into you at some point
oh and you better not wear any perfume
or make any noise breathing otherwise
they'll know you're there
and just because you start off invisible
doesn't mean you'll stay that way
what if someone accidentally spills
scalding hot coffee on you oh and what
if it rains
but if you think only liquid can make
you visible you're wrong
dust consists of dead skin cells from
humans soil particles and fibers from
clothes made from cotton and other
materials dust sticks to the moisture on
our skin when we sweat and the tiny
hairs on our skin when we are dry so
even if you are invisible dust would
still land on every part of you we
usually don't notice the dust on our
skin because we can't see a thin layer
of dust on top of our skin color but if
you're invisible people would see a
human-shaped blob of dust walking around
with extremely dirty soles gross what do
you think the world looks like if you
were invisible
well the answer is nothing the reason
you can't see in the dark is because
there's no light to see an apple light
has to hit the Apple and return it to
your eyes then the retinas in your eyes
catch the light reflection for your
brain to interpret into the image of an
apple if you're invisible then by
definition the light would travel
through you or around you instead of
bouncing off you for people to see but
that means that retinas in your eyes are
not catching the light either therefore
your brain has nothing to interpret into
an image can you see your reflection
without a mirror to stop the light no so
when you can't be seen by others you
also cannot see ouch
No have you given any thought as of
whether the invisibility is permanent if
it is how can you receive medical
treatment from a doctor if you're
injured the doctor wouldn't know where
to apply ointment sir bandages because
they cannot access your injury for that
matter you can't see it either I mean
what if you have an illness or an
infection how can the doctor diagnose
you without being able to see the color
change or inflammation and what if
everyone is permanently invisible well
think about how boring the world would
be without seeing people on the streets
on TV or at home on your computer like
right now it's lonely being invisible
now which superpower physics lesson will
you explore next shifting body size and
content super speed flight super
strength immortality and invisibility